{"thumbnail":"http:\/\/commons.wikimedia.org\/wiki\/Special:FilePath\/Angela-Merkel-2014.jpg?width=300","name":"Angela_Merkel","questions":[{"question":"In Which University she attended?","correct":"Leipzig University","options":["Leipzig University","Hamburg University","Hanover University","TU Berlin"]},{"question":"In which city she was born?","correct":"Hamburg","options":["Hamburg","Hanover","Leipzig","Berlin"]},{"question":"In which year was this person born?","correct":"17 July 1954","options":["17 July 1954","17 July 1956","17 July 1955","17 July 1957"]}],"abstract":"Angela_MerkelAngela Dorothea Merkel ; née Kasner, born 17 July 1954) is a German politician and a former research scientist who has been the leader of the Christian Democratic Union since 2000 and the Chancellor of Germany since 2005.She is the first woman and the first citizen of the former German Democratic Republic to hold either office.Having earned a doctorate as a physical chemist, Merkel entered politics in the wake of the Revolutions of 1989, briefly serving as the deputy spokesperson for the first democratically elected East German Government in 1990.","infos":["City of birth: Hamburg,West Germany","College attended: Leipzig University","Spouse: Joachim Sauer"],"default_content":}
Ahmet_Davutoğlu
{"thumbnail":"http:\/\/commons.wikimedia.org\/wiki\/Special:FilePath\/Secretary_Kerry_Meets_With_Turkish_Foreign_Minister_Davutoglu_(2)_(cropped).jpg?width=300","name":"Ahmet_Davutoğlu","abstract":"Ahmet_Davutoğlu is a Turkish academic, politician and former diplomat who has been the Prime Minister of Turkey since 28 August 2014 and as the leader of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) since 27 August 2014. He previously served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2009 to 2014 and as chief advisor to Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan from 2003 to 2009. He was elected as an AKP Member of Parliament for Konya in the 2011 general election.","default_content":}
Refugee
{"thumbnail":"http:\/\/commons.wikimedia.org\/wiki\/Special:FilePath\/Kibativillagers.jpg?width=300","name":"Refugee","abstract":"A refugee, in contrast to a migrant, is according to the Geneva Convention on Refugees applied to a person who is outside their home country of citizenship because they have well-founded grounds for fear of persecution because of their race, religion, nationality, membership of a particular social group or political opinion, and is unable to obtain sanctuary from their home country or, owing to such fear, is unwilling to avail themselves of the protection of that country; or in the case of not having a nationality and being outside their country of former habitual residence as a result of such event, is unable or, owing to such fear, is unwilling to return to their country of former habitual residence.Such a person may be called an asylum seeker until considered with the status of refugee by the Contracting State where they formally make a claim for sanctuary or right of asylum.In UN parlance, the definition of the word has been expanded to include descendants of refugees, in the case of two specific groups: Palestinian refugees and Sahrawi refugees.","default_content":}
Turkey
{"thumbnail":"http:\/\/commons.wikimedia.org\/wiki\/Special:FilePath\/Flag_of_Turkey.svg?width=300","name":"Turkey","questions":[{"question":"What is the name of the capital?","correct":"Ankara","options":["Bucharest","Sofia","Beirut","Ankara"]},{"question":"What is the name of the currency?","correct":"Lira","options":["Lira","Leu","Pound","Lev"]},{"question":"What is the official language spoken here?","correct":"Turkish","options":["Romanian","Arabic","Bulgarian","Turkish"]},{"question":"Which countries are the neighbours?","correct":"Georgia,Syria,Iraq","options":["Georgia","Lebanon","Syria","Iraq"]}],"abstract":"Turkey , officially the Republic of Turkey ), is a contiguous transcontinental parliamentary republic largely located in Western Asia with the portion of Eastern Thrace in Southeastern Europe.Turkey is bordered by eight countries: Bulgaria to the northwest; Greece to the west; Georgia to the northeast; Armenia, Iran and the Azerbaijani exclave of Nakhchivan to the east; and Iraq and Syria to the southeast.","map":"<iframe width='600' height='300' frameborder='0' style='border:0' src='https:\/\/www.google.com\/maps\/embed\/v1\/place?q=Turkey&key=AIzaSyAJCit6uJoDOEdy-PPb0L5_3SydfJbJ3Vg' allowfullscreen>","infos":["The capital is Ankara","The local currency is Lira","The language spoken is Turkish language","language spoken Turkish,Kurdish,Dimli (individual language),Azerbaijani,Avaric"],"default_content":}
Angela_Merkel
{"thumbnail":"http:\/\/commons.wikimedia.org\/wiki\/Special:FilePath\/Angela-Merkel-2014.jpg?width=300","name":"Angela_Merkel","questions":[{"question":"In which year was this person born?","correct":"17 July 1954","options":["17 July 1954","17 July 1956","17 July 1957","17 July 1955"]},{"question":"In which year was this person born?","correct":"17 July 1954","options":["17 July 1954","17 July 1956","17 July 1957","17 July 1955"]},{"question":"In which year was this person born?","correct":"17 July 1954","options":["17 July 1954","17 July 1956","17 July 1957","17 July 1955"]}],"abstract":"Angela_MerkelAngela Dorothea Merkel ; née Kasner, born 17 July 1954) is a German politician and a former research scientist who has been the leader of the Christian Democratic Union since 2000 and the Chancellor of Germany since 2005.She is the first woman and the first citizen of the former German Democratic Republic to hold either office.Having earned a doctorate as a physical chemist, Merkel entered politics in the wake of the Revolutions of 1989, briefly serving as the deputy spokesperson for the first democratically elected East German Government in 1990.","infos":["City of birth: Hamburg,West Germany","College attended: Leipzig University","Spouse: Joachim Sauer"],"default_content":}
European_Union
{"thumbnail":"http:\/\/commons.wikimedia.org\/wiki\/Special:FilePath\/Flag_of_Europe.svg?width=300","name":"European_Union","abstract":"The European Union is a politico-economic union of 28 member states that are located primarily in Europe.The EU operates through a system of supranational institutions and intergovernmental-negotiated decisions by the member states.","default_content":}
Turkey
{"thumbnail":"http:\/\/commons.wikimedia.org\/wiki\/Special:FilePath\/Flag_of_Turkey.svg?width=300","name":"Turkey","questions":[{"question":"What is the name of the capital?","correct":"Ankara","options":["Bucharest","Ankara","Sofia","Beirut"]},{"question":"What is the name of the currency?","correct":"Lira","options":["Lira","Leu","Lev","Pound"]},{"question":"What is the official language spoken here?","correct":"Turkish","options":["Bulgarian","Turkish","Romanian","Arabic"]},{"question":"Which countries are the neighbours?","correct":"Iraq,Syria,Georgia","options":["Iraq","Syria","Lebanon","Georgia"]}],"abstract":"Turkey , officially the Republic of Turkey ), is a contiguous transcontinental parliamentary republic largely located in Western Asia with the portion of Eastern Thrace in Southeastern Europe.Turkey is bordered by eight countries: Bulgaria to the northwest; Greece to the west; Georgia to the northeast; Armenia, Iran and the Azerbaijani exclave of Nakhchivan to the east; and Iraq and Syria to the southeast.","map":"<iframe width='600' height='300' frameborder='0' style='border:0' src='https:\/\/www.google.com\/maps\/embed\/v1\/place?q=Turkey&key=AIzaSyAJCit6uJoDOEdy-PPb0L5_3SydfJbJ3Vg' allowfullscreen>","infos":["The capital is Ankara","The local currency is Lira","The language spoken is Turkish language","language spoken Turkish,Kurdish,Dimli (individual language),Azerbaijani,Avaric"],"default_content":}
Nizip
{"thumbnail":null,"name":"Nizip","abstract":"Nizip is a district and city of Gaziantep Province of southeastern Turkey.As of 2010, the population of the city is 96,229.It is located 45 km from the city of Gaziantep, 95 km from Şanlıurfa , and 35 km from Karkamış, which is an old city also known historically as Carchemish.","default_content":}
Ankara
{"thumbnail":"http:\/\/commons.wikimedia.org\/wiki\/Special:FilePath\/_collage3.jpg?width=300","name":"Ankara","questions":[{"question":"In which country is this city located?","correct":"Turkey","options":["Northern_Cyprus","Lebanon","Turkey","Syria"]},{"question":"Which is more populated?","correct":"Ankara","options":["Ankara","Adana"]},{"question":"In which timezone is this city located?","correct":"Europe\/Istanbul","options":["Asia\/Damascus","Asia\/Beirut","Asia\/Nicosia","Europe\/Istanbul"]},{"question":"In which region is this city located?","correct":"Ankara","options":["Adana","Bursa","Istanbul","Ankara"]}],"abstract":"Ankara is the capital of Turkey and the country's second largest city, Istanbul being the largest.The city has a mean elevation of 938 meters and in 2012 had a population of 4,338,620, with its metropolitan municipality having 4,965,542.It is the center of the Turkish Government, and an important commercial and industrial city.","map":"<iframe width='600' height='300' frameborder='0' style='border:0' src='https:\/\/www.google.com\/maps\/embed\/v1\/place?q=Ankara&key=AIzaSyAJCit6uJoDOEdy-PPb0L5_3SydfJbJ3Vg' allowfullscreen>","infos":["This city is located in Turkey"],"default_content":}
Donald_Tusk
{"thumbnail":"http:\/\/commons.wikimedia.org\/wiki\/Special:FilePath\/Donald_Tusk_2013-12-19.jpg?width=300","name":"Donald_Tusk","questions":[{"question":"In which year was this person born?","correct":"22 April 1957","options":["22 April 1960","22 April 1959","22 April 1957","22 April 1958"]},{"question":"In which year was this person born?","correct":"22 April 1957","options":["22 April 1960","22 April 1959","22 April 1957","22 April 1958"]},{"question":"In which year was this person born?","correct":"22 April 1957","options":["22 April 1960","22 April 1959","22 April 1957","22 April 1958"]}],"abstract":"Donald_TuskDonald Franciszek Tusk ; born 22 April 1957) is a Polish politician who has been President of the European Council since 1 December 2014.Previously he was Prime Minister of Poland from 2007 to 2014, having also been co-founder and chairman of the Civic Platform party.Tusk was officially designated as Prime Minister on 9 November 2007 and took office on 16 November.","infos":["City of birth: Gda%C5%84sk,Polish People's Republic,Gdańsk","College attended: University of Gdańsk","Spouse: Małgorzata Tusk"],"default_content":}
Turkey
{"thumbnail":"http:\/\/commons.wikimedia.org\/wiki\/Special:FilePath\/Flag_of_Turkey.svg?width=300","name":"Turkey","questions":[{"question":"What is the name of the capital?","correct":"Ankara","options":["Sofia","Ankara","Beirut","Bucharest"]},{"question":"What is the name of the currency?","correct":"Lira","options":["Pound","Lev","Lira","Leu"]},{"question":"What is the official language spoken here?","correct":"Turkish","options":["Turkish","Arabic","Bulgarian","Romanian"]},{"question":"Which countries are the neighbours?","correct":"Iraq,Syria,Georgia","options":["Iraq","Syria","Lebanon","Georgia"]}],"abstract":"Turkey , officially the Republic of Turkey ), is a contiguous transcontinental parliamentary republic largely located in Western Asia with the portion of Eastern Thrace in Southeastern Europe.Turkey is bordered by eight countries: Bulgaria to the northwest; Greece to the west; Georgia to the northeast; Armenia, Iran and the Azerbaijani exclave of Nakhchivan to the east; and Iraq and Syria to the southeast.","map":"<iframe width='600' height='300' frameborder='0' style='border:0' src='https:\/\/www.google.com\/maps\/embed\/v1\/place?q=Turkey&key=AIzaSyAJCit6uJoDOEdy-PPb0L5_3SydfJbJ3Vg' allowfullscreen>","infos":["The capital is Ankara","The local currency is Lira","The language spoken is Turkish language","language spoken Turkish,Kurdish,Dimli (individual language),Azerbaijani,Avaric"],"default_content":}
Human_Rights_Watch
{"thumbnail":"http:\/\/commons.wikimedia.org\/wiki\/Special:FilePath\/Hrw_logo.svg?width=300","name":"Human_Rights_Watch","abstract":"Human Rights Watch is an international non-governmental organization that conducts research and advocacy on human rights.HRW headquarters are in New York City with offices in Amsterdam, Beirut, Berlin, Brussels, Chicago, Geneva, Johannesburg, London, Los Angeles, Moscow, Nairobi, Paris, San Francisco, Sydney, Tokyo, Toronto, Washington, D.C., and Zurich.As of June 2011, the organization\u2019s annual expenses totaled $50.6 million.","default_content":}
Angela_Merkel
{"thumbnail":"http:\/\/commons.wikimedia.org\/wiki\/Special:FilePath\/Angela-Merkel-2014.jpg?width=300","name":"Angela_Merkel","questions":[{"question":"In which year was this person born?","correct":"17 July 1954","options":["17 July 1956","17 July 1954","17 July 1955","17 July 1957"]},{"question":"In which year was this person born?","correct":"17 July 1954","options":["17 July 1956","17 July 1954","17 July 1955","17 July 1957"]},{"question":"In which year was this person born?","correct":"17 July 1954","options":["17 July 1956","17 July 1954","17 July 1955","17 July 1957"]}],"abstract":"Angela_MerkelAngela Dorothea Merkel ; née Kasner, born 17 July 1954) is a German politician and a former research scientist who has been the leader of the Christian Democratic Union since 2000 and the Chancellor of Germany since 2005.She is the first woman and the first citizen of the former German Democratic Republic to hold either office.Having earned a doctorate as a physical chemist, Merkel entered politics in the wake of the Revolutions of 1989, briefly serving as the deputy spokesperson for the first democratically elected East German Government in 1990.","infos":["City of birth: Hamburg,West Germany","College attended: Leipzig University","Spouse: Joachim Sauer"],"default_content":}
Turkey
{"thumbnail":"http:\/\/commons.wikimedia.org\/wiki\/Special:FilePath\/Flag_of_Turkey.svg?width=300","name":"Turkey","questions":[{"question":"What is the name of the capital?","correct":"Ankara","options":["Ankara","Sofia","Beirut","Bucharest"]},{"question":"What is the name of the currency?","correct":"Lira","options":["Pound","Lira","Lev","Leu"]},{"question":"What is the official language spoken here?","correct":"Turkish","options":["Romanian","Turkish","Arabic","Bulgarian"]},{"question":"Which countries are the neighbours?","correct":"Georgia,Iraq,Syria","options":["Georgia","Iraq","Lebanon","Syria"]}],"abstract":"Turkey , officially the Republic of Turkey ), is a contiguous transcontinental parliamentary republic largely located in Western Asia with the portion of Eastern Thrace in Southeastern Europe.Turkey is bordered by eight countries: Bulgaria to the northwest; Greece to the west; Georgia to the northeast; Armenia, Iran and the Azerbaijani exclave of Nakhchivan to the east; and Iraq and Syria to the southeast.","map":"<iframe width='600' height='300' frameborder='0' style='border:0' src='https:\/\/www.google.com\/maps\/embed\/v1\/place?q=Turkey&key=AIzaSyAJCit6uJoDOEdy-PPb0L5_3SydfJbJ3Vg' allowfullscreen>","infos":["The capital is Ankara","The local currency is Lira","The language spoken is Turkish language","language spoken Turkish,Kurdish,Dimli (individual language),Azerbaijani,Avaric"],"default_content":}